Positive-Draft

  While Reddit has become somewhat infamous for its controversies, it is also the home of goodwill and positive interaction among its members.
[8] In the subreddit, r/Ask Reddit, 
“Could I destroy the entire Roman Empire during the reign of Augustus if I traveled back in time with a modern US Marine infantry battalion or MEU?”
James Irwin replied with a imaginative narrative-like comment. 
The thread became popular and he was contacted by a film producer. He left his financial services firm to become a Hollywood screenwriter.

  In 2009, Reddit gift started as a way to bring communities together in real life via Secret Santa gift exchange,
with like Bill Gates and snoop participating. 
The success of this led to other exchanges. Communities on reddit frequently organize and direct charitable endeavors. 
Well known ones include humanitarian relief following earthquakes in Haiti in 2010 and Nepal in 2015.
In 2010, the r/atheism subreddit decided to raise funding for Doctors Without Borders.
The subreddit promoted friendly competition with Christianity subreddit who began money for Word Vision.
Later, the Islamic subreddit joined in and raised money for the Islamic Relief charity.
The three communities raised over $50,000 in less than a week.

  [9]In 2017, University of Utah researchers did a study on r/depression. 
The researchers analyzed the language used by subscribers on the subreddit over time.
and concluded that users language improved in nine of ten categories, suggesting the subreddit prompted a “positive emotion change” in users. 
The study extended to the two other major mental health subreddits, r/bipolar, and r/schizophrenia.
They used r/happy, r/bodybuilding, and r/loseit as their control group,
and the researchers determined that contributors to the mental health subreddits appeared to have trouble clearly communicating initially.
Over time, those users showed “statistically significant improvement” in both their lexical diversity and readability.
[10] The lead author of the study, Albert Park noted 
"I can't speak for my coauthors, 
but I want to stress the value of emotional and information support that are provided by your peers through social media platforms like Reddit,"
he told Gizmodo.
